to be able to represent this function I have drawn two perpendicular axes
graduated
I live here
the accused m6 is the crisis
and then if the bce of cigarettes
in fact it is on this axis
these images will be located
sometimes I will choose because to be able to plot the curve that
matches
to the function
I'm going is calculated the image
several of several places
gold to start how his body - including three babies under three
games calculation images
2 less than 3 years younger than 3 years
I'm applying the function of the function ser
- 05
multiply by less than three years
more than
what makes me three times 05
annual saturday I know that you suffer positive and 2
percent a freak rain if they are negative so it was not
gathered more than announce
for the Russians
picture 2-3
these three viruses
therefore less than three years
for her will be
I take of course
pool lots to be as accurate as possible
the jurors
just follow the dotted players
which are drawn
but I have a first point
- 3 same three sources
let's see the following points she 2-2
using the same method I would find less damage on
in three
it is less and less
equal
stop two enemies
l 2 0
20 05 to 07 and 0 + 2
ps2
a place on the 5th
and two 2
legal
well there I took some points
she leads the game
name me 3
she asks for 5
give me
of the hemicycle
l 2 2
a data
l 2 0
ps2
right here
an enemy
she became a half
then 6
she gives 3
they must according to him
the same me ourselves
a long line
we are here
apparently more pointed shampoo placed
they are bringing them back
so the feeling of playing by keeping this race and it's surely a
right
later when we have studied
more and more functions open and you will know more easily
some families
function
here's one moreover that you're studying this year
the feeling that we have thus multiplied each time the number of
points I know we'll have them all aligned so we can think that
the yard to get a straight calculation